_
- I'd like us to stay friends.
- Yeah, I'd like that.
Would you like to go
for a drink sometime?
Sure, yeah.
- I had a really good night.
- Me, too.
I didn't want to sleep with him.
We're from the Sexual
Offences Investigation Team.
And I'm arresting you for rape.
If I thought she didn't want to
sleep with me, I'd not have done it.
- I said no!
- No, you didn't.
- I love you, Katy.
- Stop, she's my little sister.
We're a mistake, Tom. I can't do this.
Every colleague, every friend,
every member of his family.
Now they know.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Nothing like a six-hour operation
to get you in the mood for a pint.
Fancy one?
You know what? I've got to get home.
- I'm fine, thanks.
- You sure?
Why?
Cos yesterday, two detectives
came to talk to you
and you vanished the rest of the day.
I thought a cold beer and yours
truly might be what you need.
It's nothing.
Nothing interesting, anyway.
- Maybe next time, eh?
- Of course.
Luke?
Finally. I've been trying
to get hold of you for ages.
Sorry, mate, I was in surgery.
Everything all right?
No.
Not really. You should probably
see this for yourself.
- See what she's saying about you, Dad.
- What are you saying, Luke?
Miss Nielson. She's written something.
Online.
She said that you raped her.
- What?
- Why would she say that?
People are sharing it. It's everywhere.
_
Dad?
Luke, I want you to turn that off,
OK? I'm coming home now.
Whatever she's saying, she's lying.
_
Is she OK?
No, not really.
Have you spoken to her about it?
Yeah.
I told her it wasn't a good idea, but...
she's angry, you know.
She wants to do something,
tell the world.
Yeah, well, she's definitely done that.
I mean, everyone has seen that post.
All her friends, her colleagues...
I just wish I knew
the right thing to say.
There's nothing you can say.
We just have to be there for her.
Hello?
You're not allowed to call me.
I saw what you wrote.
Yeah?
You think you can
say this shit about me,
publicly blacken my name
and expect me to roll over?
How dare you?
You think you can do what you did
and think I'm just gonna keep quiet?
You think I'm just gonna not fight
back, like a good little girl?
This is my life!
Yeah, and this is my body!
My family can see that post!
My son, he was the one that called
me about it! For God's sake!
So now he knows.
Knows what? What does he know?
I remember what happened!
You switched the wine glasses.
For God's sake!
You put something in my drink
and when you were finished,
you put the glasses in a dishwasher
to hide what you'd done.
- No...
- Yes, that's exactly what...
You came back in the room
and picked up my glass.
You picked it up by accident
and took a sip out of it.
I didn't say anything cos I didn't
want you to feel embarrassed.
I liked you so I kept quiet.
And I put the glasses in the
dishwasher to be helpful, nice!
That's not what happened.
You know that's not what happened.
Really? Honestly?
Are you so sure about this?
You know what you did
and you don't just get to walk away.
You have to answer for what you've done.
What do you mean, "answer for what
I've done"? I haven't done anything!
- Oh, dear.
- Oh, my God. Oh, I can't look.
It makes my skin crawl.
People holding broken glass, I just...
I keep thinking they're gonna cut
themselves and bleed all over.
It's probably not an issue for you.
Well, I kind of prefer it when my
patients don't bleed all over.
What about you? You must have
things that make you squirm?
No. Sorry to disappoint.
- I er...
- Honestly?
Scout's honour. What about you,
what scares you the most?
Oh, erm...
Er... burglars.
Yeah, ever since I was a child
and even now,
I still have three locks on my door.
I know exactly what you mean.
When my wife died and it
was just me and Luke,
any noise, I would double-lock
and chain the front door.
But I still leave the key
outside the front door,
under this God-ugly garden gnome
my wife got me for Christmas,
just like I always have,
just like I always will.
There's no logic to any of it,
really, is there?
Erm... another glass?
Yeah, why not?
Thanks.
This is Tom's phone. Leave a
message and I'll get back to you.
Tom, it's me.
Sorry about the other day.
Anyway, I was just wondering
if you had looked into Laura's case.
She really needs help and...
the police don't seem
to be doing anything.
So, whatever you can do.
Call me.
No, don't.
Sorry, don't... don't call me.
I shouldn't have...
This isn't right, it's not fair.
This isn't easy, is it?
Sorry.
That means he...
He's the smallest one in class.
Yeah. And how old will he be next...
- What comes after one?
- Er... two.
Then he'll be four and then five
and then six and then 100...
100? Slow down! That was too much!
Morning.
Hey, you.
Father of the year, yeah?
I'll go and sort breakfast out
in a minute.
What did I do to deserve that?
I love you.
I love you too.
I'll go and make us some coffee.
And I'll start the breakfast.
That one said, "Good boy."
And Rick, he said that.
Hey, you've reached Katy.
Leave a message.
Katy.
Sorry, I... I missed your call.
Yeah, listen, I found something
on Andrew Earlham.
Might help, might not.
But I just thought you'd want to know.
And...
I miss you.
- Hey.
How did you sleep?
Oh, er...
You know.
Coffee?
Yeah, please.
So, erm... you've seen...
Seen what?
Your post.
It keeps getting shared.
10,000 already.
Do the police know about this?
What difference does it make?
Everything I've said's true.
I know. I'm just asking.
When they came over, they picked
holes in everything I told them,
like I'm the one in the wrong.
I wanted to do something, I wanted
people to know what he's done.
And now they do.
Not just the people at work,
but thousands and thousands of
strangers all with a bloody opinion.
- Why, what are they saying?
- It doesn't matter. They're...
Ignore them, it's just...
All I'm saying is,
there's a reason why people remain
anonymous in these cases.
What about your privacy?
I've got nothing to be
embarrassed about.
I'm just worried about you.
What if this gets
in the way of the case?
I'm not trying to tell you what to do.
It's just...
Now...
Now people are gonna make it
about you and him and...
..your whole life,
everything you've ever done.
It's all gonna come out now.
Are you ready for that?
Back later, Dad.
Luke, come here a minute, will you?
I'm gonna be late to meet my friends.
I won't keep you long. Look, these er...
..things, the things
that Miss Nielson's said.
- Dad, we don't have to do this.
- You know they're not true, right?
Yeah, of course.
- Come here a minute, sit down.
- I was gonna go out.
It's important.
People, they... they start rumours.
They say nasty things because
they're confused or upset.
And if they say it loud enough,
it starts to spread.
- I can make up my own mind.
- I know you can. I know you can.
But... you're gonna start
hearing things about me.
So you should know
exactly what happened.
- Oh, Dad...
- No, no, listen, please.
It's important, all right?
We went out for a drink.
We had a lovely time.
She invited me back to hers.
We had a glass of wine.
And we slept together.
She's the first woman
since your mum that I...
really liked.
Then I came home.
And that's it.
Then out of the blue, the next day,
she says I took advantage of her.
And you need to know that is
absolutely not what happened.
At no point did she ask me to stop.
And that's the truth.
I'm not the best dad.
I'm not always there, I know.
But I wouldn't lie to you, Luke.
I don't understand why
she would say something like that.
I don't know, either.
She's confused or upset.
When people are in a strange place in
their lives, they do stupid things.
They don't think properly.
Look...
it'll all work itself out.
The truth always
shows itself in the end.
Yeah, I guess so.
And you do believe me, don't you?
You believe that I couldn't
do something like that?
Yeah. Of course I do.
Thanks, mate.
Come here.
I love you, mate.
_
- Laura, we're going to the park.
- _
Do you want to come?
Laura? Laura?
Are you coming?
Erm...
Actually, you know, I think I just
want to be on my own for a bit.
So just go on ahead.
- I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
Yeah.
OK. Well, we won't be long.
Miss Nielson, hi.
How can we help you?
I... I want to know what's
going on with the investigation.
- Yeah, sure.
- We're still gathering the evidence,
making sure we haven't missed anything
before we take it to the CPS.
What about the wine glasses?
Yeah, they were washed.
Came back with nothing.
Trust us, we're doing everything we can.
OK, cos if he planned this,
then presumably he...
he had to get hold of the drugs
from somewhere, so...
If they're in his house,
you should be searching his house.
We'd need a warrant.
- And to get a warrant, we need a reason.
- Mm-hm.
I just gave you a reason.
Why don't you take a seat
for a minute, Miss Nielson?
I'm afraid we're gonna need
more than your word...
a dealer who says they helped him,
or somebody from the hospital
who found some drugs missing.
I'm sorry, I know this is frustrating.
But these things do take time.
That's what I'm afraid of, time...
for him to firm up
his side of the story,
time for him to hide evidence.
Maybe you should think about
going to see somebody again.
We can recommend some
excellent counsellors.
I don't need to go and see
a counsellor. I'm fine.
Are you sure?
What's that supposed to mean?
We saw your post online.
And?
And, well, it could have
an impact on your case.
If a witness saw it, then
had to testify in court...
For God's sake!
Look, why don't you sit down?
We'll talk it through.
I'll explain exactly what it...
Sitting down and talking it through
isn't gonna get us anywhere, is it?
_
Wow, you see the way
Charlie's looking at you?
What? What do you mean?
Charlie?
Never seen anyone more happy
to see the consultant arriving.
Oh, right, yeah.
Hi. Thanks for filling in
at such late notice, Andrew.
He's ready for theatre but the blood
pressure's just dropped to 100/70.
OK, let's take a look.
Don't do it to yourself.
I can't help it.
If you listened to all the nasty
things people said online,
you'd never leave the house.
I don't understand how so many people...
so many strangers, they think they know.
How many of them are so sure I'm lying.
Someone found a picture of me
from a profile on holiday.
"She deserved it.
She looks like a slut."
That's what they wrote.
And this one.
"The guy she's accusing
is so much hotter than her.
She'd be so lucky."
- And this one...
- Right, that's enough.
You're not to look at
that shit any more.
It doesn't make any difference.
What chance do I have, Katy?
How can I actually prove
what he did to me?
Let the police do their job.
- Give it time.
- I haven't got any bloody time!
I want this to be over.
You need to get some sleep. Things
will look different in the morning.
That's what I'm worried about.
Maybe you should take some time off.
Going straight back to school...
I'm not hiding, Katy! I'm not
the one who should be hiding.
DI Harmon, DS Maxwell?
I've been trying to get hold of you.
Yeah?
You're investigating the
Laura Nielson case?
Yeah.
I'm Tom Bailey.
- Miss Nielson's ex?
- Yeah.
What can we do for you?
I took a look into Andrew Earlham.
I found something you should know.
You need to leave this to us, Constable.
I know it's out of line
but I couldn't sit back,
I had to do something.
Mary Earlham.
Andrew Earlham's wife.
She committed suicide 11 years ago.
Yeah. We know. So?
So, I called up the coroner's
in Edinburgh.
They put me through
to a DC in Edinburgh CID.
She took an overdose.
The guy I spoke to investigated
her death, he remembered it.
Apparently there'd been complaints,
what sounded like
a domestic argument in the house
Andrew and Mary lived in.
A mum called the police, she was
worried about her daughter's safety.
There was a suicide note, but even so.
The guy I spoke to,
he had his suspicions, they just
couldn't find anything on him.
What are we supposed to do with that?
I don't know.
I can give you the copper's number.
He got a weird vibe off Earlham.
That doesn't help us.
You need to look further
into what kind of guy he is.
What if there was more to his wife's
death than meets the eye? What then?
How are we supposed to prove in a week
what the Edinburgh police
couldn't in 11 years?
You do your job, we'll do ours. OK?
Andrew Earlham is dangerous.
This is not your case, Constable!
You putting yourself in the middle
of it won't end well for you.
Do you get that?
Yeah, I get it.
I thought you'd have swapped
your rotation.
If you're uncomfortable working
with me, find another anaesthetist.
Suction.
Bloods are draining
faster than I'd like.
How are his observations?
BP's 108/76.
I can't get a clear view of his
pulmonary artery. Suction?
Can I help?
I've done 1,000 of these.
I think I know what I'm doing.
BP's falling.
Did you hear me?
Yes, I heard you!
Bloody hell, where's that coming from?
I think you might have
nicked the artery.
Oh, bollocks. Yeah, I see it. OK.
I'm adding another litre
to stabilise the pressure.
Stitch, now.
Chest cavity's filling with blood.
Should I retract?
- I'll order some more blood.
- Retract?
Everyone just shut up, please!
So I can fix this man before
he bleeds to death! Thank you.
- You shouldn't be here.
- He's fine.
In case you hadn't noticed,
I've got a lot on my mind.
Yeah. Guilt will do that.
_
Don't look at that stuff.
- You sound like my sister.
- She's a smart woman.
85,000 women a year
raped in the UK, this says.
And only 5.7 per cent of cases
reported end in a conviction.
I thought what you wrote about it
took a lot of courage.
All of those people sharing it?
Most of them are women who support you.
We don't want men like
Andrew Earlham going unpunished.
It didn't make any difference,
though, did it?
All I've done is give people
something to talk about.
And when they get bored
and the dust settles,
he'll go home.
Those people will forget and...
..then he'll do it again
to someone else.
- You can't think like that.
- Why?
Because I'm right.
You know you don't have to be here,
you know that, right?
The Head will give you however
much time you need off.
Yeah, right.
Keep me out of sight
until it all blows over.
Wouldn't want to embarrass the school.
That's not what I mean.
But everybody knows about it,
the staff and kids.
Meanwhile, his son
is still here in your class.
That can't be good for either of you.
Do you really think everyone knows?
Since when did anything
stay quiet in this place?
So Jay Gatsby's lies
are in some way a
contrast to the narrator,
who tells us at the beginning...
That's enough, you two!
What are you looking at?
It's nothing, miss.
Give it to me.
You shouldn't have your phone in class.
Oh, what?
I'm keeping it until
the end of the lesson.
As I was saying...
the narrator tells us
at the beginning...
"I am one of the few honest people
that I have ever known."
But that in itself
isn't entirely candid.
He doesn't always tell us...
..everything, he...
He doesn't reveal that he...
..knows about the affair...
Excuse me.
I'm not feeling well, I'm...
I'm gonna send someone in.
Sorry.
Hi, Laura.
Hey, um...
I just wondered
if Andrew's at work today.
Er... yeah. Why?
- And he's there all day?
- Erm... yeah.
Why are you asking? What's going on?
I just erm...
- I thought I saw him.
- You shouldn't be at work.
Go home.
Yeah. Yeah, I think I will, actually.
All right, OK.
- Bye.
- Right. Bye.
Hey.
Andrew. How are you doing?
Actually...
Yeah, actually, not so well.
Come on.
You've er...
probably seen this post about me online.
It's none of my business.
No... but it is your business now.
It's everyone's business.
Cos everyone thinks that's who I am now,
someone who took a woman out to
dinner and forced myself on her.
And I didn't, I wouldn't.
Andrew... these allegations are at
present your own private business.
If charges are pressed, then, yes,
we will need to have a conversation.
Look, if charges are pressed, I mean...
that doesn't change a bloody thing.
Innocent till proven guilty, right?
Sorry.
I let it get to me earlier
during an operation.
And in this job,
you can't do that, can you?
I just feel like everyone's
watching me all the time.
Wondering if I'm not the person
they thought I was,
wondering if I'm some kind of monster.
I wanna tell them I'm not, I wanna
bloody scream it at them, but...
then that would make me look
even more like one, wouldn't it?
I think I should take some time off.
I don't think I can work here feeling
like this, it's irresponsible.
OK.
With her sister working here too, I...
I understand.
I'll find someone to cover.
You take the time you need.
Great. Thanks, Margaret.
Hey, how long is it since we've
known each other now, five years?
You believe me, don't you?
You know what? Don't. Don't answer that.
Where did you run off to?
To throw up. Can you tell?
- Definitely.
- Up yours.
Won't be able to keep it a secret
much longer round here.
I know.
If it makes you feel any better,
when Natalie was pregnant, she was
sick for the entire nine months.
In what world is that supposed
to make me feel better?
Oh, yeah, right. Oh, now, listen.
Just got off the blower to Sammy at CPS.
The Earlham case.
We're still short of the threshold.
- They won't prosecute yet.
- Oh, bollocks.
So the whole nine months?
Yeah. It's pretty rubbish, actually.
Thanks, Rory. You're a tosser.
Shit!
- Hey.
Thanks for meeting me.
- It's fine.
- No, it's not.
You're the last person
I should be calling.
We were friends first.
We still are.
So what is it? The way you sounded
on the phone, you got me worried.
I'm gonna tell you something
and I need you to keep it a secret.
Can you do that for me?
OK. Sure, yeah.
I broke into his house.
I broke into Andrew's house.
Jesus Christ, Laura, what...
I didn't literally break in,
I knew where his key was.
He told me the night we went out.
I was at school and I just thought...
I can't wait around
like some damsel in distress,
hoping someone will come and take
him away cos that doesn't happen.
Letting the police do their job
is completely different.
- I had to do something.
- Get yourself arrested?
Where's the sense in that?
What happened after you broke in?
Under his bed, I found a box.
And it had a clear glass tube in it,
with no medical label.
And there was um...
like a liquid, like a little small
amount of liquid left in the bottom,
a clear liquid.
GHB is a clear liquid,
if that's what he gave me.
Even if it is what you think it is,
so what?
You took it from his house,
a house you entered illegally,
and presumably left fingerprints
all over the place.
- I had my sleeve pulled over my hand.
- That's all right, then!
And I didn't take it,
I left it where it was.
I know it can't be used as evidence
if I just steal it.
But if you were to search his house
and if you were to find it,
then you could have it tested.
It could be used in court then.
I can't just walk into his house.
It'd have to be official.
Get a warrant, there'd
need to be a reason.
So find a reason.
Please, Tom. Right now, it's my
word against his and that's it.
But if I'm right about this, we
could have... we could have proof.
We could make him pay
for what he's done.
Isn't that why you did this job
in the first place?
Tom, please.
If you still care about me, please.
Please help me.
These tickets are impossible
to get. They sold out in 20 minutes.
Someone at work managed to snap them up.
You've been going on for months about
how long it's been
since you went to a gig.
Why do I feel like you're softening
me up for some bad news?
Can't I do something nice for you?
No, of course you can, it's just...
It's just very thoughtful,
that's all. Come here.
Thank you.
Aww, thank you.
Right, I'll start on these pizzas.
Right, boys, what are we playing?
Nige, hey, how are you doing?
- I'm knackered.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Listen, mate, I er...
..need a favour.
I need a guy's house turned over.
He's got a stash of GHB
right under his bed.
Why are you coming to me with this?
I didn't come by the intel
in the most legit kind of way.
It's solid, though.
I'm sure you can find a reason.
Get one of your informants
to call in with a tip.
I could.
The question is, why I'd
risk my neck like that.
I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important.
My ex.
This guy, he raped her.
He's bad news.
There's gotta be a better way.
Mate, I'm asking for your help.
Like I said, we go way back, don't we?
We've looked out for each other.
Now, when you were seeing that
prostitute, I kept that quiet, didn't I?
Are you blackmailing me?
I was just asking for your help.
That's all.
Yes? What is it?
- Andrew Earlham?
- That's right.
We have a warrant to search your house.
This is ridiculous! Why don't you
tell me what you're looking for?
This is outrageous!
- Dad, what's going on?
- Just get back in your room, Luke.
- What's going on?
- Just get back in your room now.
- No, sir, stay there.
- What?
What? This is ridiculous.
- I'm calling my lawyer.
- Of course, sir.
Hello, it's Andrew Earlham.
I need to speak with James.
Quick as you can, please. Thank you.
Hi, James. I need someone over here now.
The police, yeah. They're
crawling all over my house.
They've got a warrant and everything.
Of course, Olly starts
kicking up a tantrum.
Anything his older brother's got,
he's got to have.
I said to Olly, "We've only got one
and you're gonna have to share."
So he turned around and
said, "I'm gonna tell Mummy."
Evening. We'd like to speak to Laura.
Yeah. Yeah, sure. Come in.
Thank you.
It's the police for you, Laura.
It's late.
Andrew Earlham had his house
searched this evening.
- About time.
- Maybe.
But not by us. Drug Squad.
Someone called in an anonymous tip.
And then Earlham got on the phone
and gave our boss an earful.
Mr Earlham thinks it might be you.
He says you knew where
his front door key was.
I don't know anything about this.
Your ex-boyfriend, maybe he does?
Was there something else you wanted?
We've talked about this, Laura,
about you keeping out of our way.
And I am keeping out of your way,
so you can continue to do sod all.
Two vehicles, six guys.
That's what it took to search his house.
That is a serious waste
of our resources, Laura.
And if your ex-boyfriend's involved,
that's his badge.
Are we finished here?
Laura, please, for your own sake, stop.
Right now, you're your own worst enemy.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Did they find anything?
Only an old medical box of his
with a vial of insulin inside.
Weird thing is, it'd been emptied
into another container
after the old one had cracked.
So, I can see how this vial,
to somebody who didn't know any better,
they might imagine
it could contain anything.
Insulin?
We both want the same
thing here, Miss Nielson.
So let us do our jobs.
Good night.
Hey.
I brought you some tea.
Thanks.
How are you doing?
Honestly?
I don't know any more.
I thought...
..when I wrote that post that I had
it all figured out, I thought...
I thought I'd take charge,
show him he couldn't control me.
You never were one to sit by
and let the world come to you.
I wish I was, because now it doesn't
feel like it freed me at all.
Now it just...
I just feel ashamed that everyone
knows what he did to me.
And everything I try and do
just turns back on me.
I feel like I'm losing my mind, Katy.
Aww.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'd do without you.
Ssh. It's OK.
Hello.
Hello, my name is Dennis Walters.
I hope you don't mind me calling
you out of the blue like this.
No. What's this about?
I'd like to come and see you
if that's possible.
This is something
I'd rather do in person.
Come on, what's this about?
It's about Laura Nielson.
Look, if this is about that
post that she wrote...
I think I might be able to help you,
there's absolu...
There's something you need to know.
She's done this before.
She's lied about something like this.
I'll be damned if I'll let her ruin
some other poor bastard's life.
Right. Look, erm...
why don't I give you my address, then?
OK.
OK, great. Great, I'll see you then.
Sync & corrections by emeline-whovian
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org